Why are you working as a waiter here?
Oh, I just work part-time.
Earn some living expenses
Have you talked enough?
When I am air
What do you want?
Or kowtow to me and apologize
Or pay me 100,000 for my clothes
You can decide for yourself.
Oh, everyone is in the same district.
Why don't you look at this?
I'll pay you 1,000 bucks
That's it. What? 1,000.
You send beggars 1,000
You don't like us at half past seven
Still don't know who we are at half past seven
You are indeed people at half past seven
What is Lili at half past seven?
Another organization in the cloud area
Pretty ruthless, huh?
Just know
Do you know what he does?
Isn't he just a waiter?
Hey, you don't know that, do you?
He is the teacher's heart
I think you two
You can learn from each other.
See who is better
Hey, your teacher will know
What I hate the most is the Teacher's Heart Association
I'll kill you without losing money.
Hey, you don't fight
I've never been in a fight.
Forget it, even if I am soft-hearted today